# Exercise Evaluation for Zalkifl
| Points | Consideration | Notes |
|-------|-----------|------|
| -1    | [ ] Has left comments in the code |             |
| -2    | [ ] Code is messy and difficult to read |             |
| -10   | [ ] The application doesn't run | |
| +2    | [ ] Has Focused mostly on the FE of the application | |
| +2    | [ ] Has Focused mostly on the BE of the application ||
| +4    | [ ] Has Dedicated same amount of care for the Front End and Back end ||
| -5    | [ ] There are major flows on the logic | (Some application logic are messy and somehow a bit unclear. Some aspect of the application could be improved, like the way the candidate retrieves information form the backend)|
| +1    | [ ] Has presented an ER diagram. | | 
| +2    | [ ] Has considered potential caching in the application ||
| +2    | [ ] Has used Rest ||
| +4    | [ ] Has used GraphQL ||
| +4    | [ ] The ER diagram considers potential scaling to multi location | | 
| +2    | [ ] Naming Convention is adequate | |
| +8    | [ ] Naming Convention is Amazing | |
| +5    | [ ] Application has test cases  | |
| +3    | [ ] Application uses scss correctly  | |

Current application score +1.

Score ranges from -18 to +36, score will change based on the verbal interview with the candidate.

Minimum score to pass jr    +18
Minimum score to pass mid   +24
Minimum score to pass sr+   +28

# Forum Brands Full Stack Application Exercise
***Hi! We are super excited to see what you are able to create***

***Duration***: We don't expect you to take more than 2~4h to finish the exercise.

## The Exercise
You are in the forefront of creating a new internal dashboard for an amazing Shelter. 

This particular shelter only allows the intake of 2 types of animals ***Cats*** and ***Dogs*** both of which can always be adopted
at any stage. 

As an Animal Care specialist I would love to be able to manage different aspects in this application:
- Identify the animal in an easy and intuitive way
- Understand how long the animal has been in the shelter 
- Understand who has adopted our animals
- Be able to change information about the Cat or Dog easily. 

Finally, you overheard the Shelter Manager mentioning that soon there is going to be a new shelter in a new location. 
Not sure what this means now, but probably good to know. 

***What are we looking for***

The following criteria will be used to evaluate your solution: 
- ER diagram
- The application starts and doesn't have any visible errors
- Showcase your skills to us!

***Important to know***

We are not expecting you to create any database or any sql code, though we would like to see how you are thinking about the 
database structure. It can also be a simple image or a readable hand drawing. All the data of the endpoints (Graphql or REST) 
can be hardcoded as a JSON object return. 

## System requirements
Make sure this application are installed in you machine. Those are necessary for the application to work

- [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - We are using v14.17.1
- [NPM]() - The Latest version with the current system should come with Nodejs
- You can also consider to use [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

## Folder Structure
- fontend - All the necessary code to run the UI
- server - All the necessary code to run the server
- public - Usually only used as an entry point for the React application
- node_modules - Autogenerated folder from NPM
- dist - Autogenerated folder from Webpack (all the ui code gets compiled in this folder)

## Starting the environment 
First you need to install all the dependencies

```shell
npm i
```

You will be able to run the application by running the command below
```shell
npm start
```

## Notes
> Add here any additional notes we should know about the application
